third campaigner they have Veronica
Veronica was here with me two years ago
and boy did I didn't fall off in the
first water two years ago on her she
jumped so big into the water unseated me
and I had no chance she's been very
successful with Lauren she was given the
ride after I was injured and she's
forged a wonderful partnership with this
lovely mayor she's got some horse has
beautiful truck paces and I'm looking
forward to seeing us really super test
here Lauren who's completed here
previously herself with snoozle um has
had three international wins with this
horse since taking over the ride from
Karen in early 2013 leading the to
starter Carla in the Horse Park the
spring 3 start fair Hill and the
Carolina in the chat hills international
last mate CHC international and she
she's done also very very well at the
national classes this spring she's had a
good a good lead up to the to this
competition
she she could really give the leaders a
run for their money
I'm always amazed when I come over to
Red Hills in early March how long
eventing has been going on because we're
struggling to get going sometimes with
the weather in March but your season in
Florida kicks off sometimes first a
second weekend in January something to
do with this this thing called the Sun
yeah we need to get some of that you
don't see much of it over in England
having said that I loved living in
England it was such a wonderful
experience so we're looking for a big
medium trot she's got terrific pace
there we go so she had two sevens and an
eighth for her first home so she's
already up on the leaderboard
a 70% flat would translate to a penalty
score of 45 and that would go into the
lead Canada turn right
wonderful half passes this mare she's
very simple laterally
this is a great great stop good for her
good job Lauren I always struggled with
that half pirouette with her of getting
the left hind to not keep moving
and yet gosh the M judge gave her a five
for that Wow
our four
okay
it's got great swing great cadence and
rhythm Lawrence it's very very well on
the horse
let's see what she can get done in the
rain back there's been a lot of
preparation to this rain back because
the mayor's likes to get low in front in
the rain back see what she's been able
to accomplish
yeah it's it it it's a struggle with
this mare to keep it rhythmical for all
five steps but that's a huge improvement
over what I was able to do a couple
years ago five six and five so you know
not the worst marks at all and straight
sevens for the walk and halt into it so
Lauren is doing a level best to keep the
marks as high as possible and that is
that rein back is the weakest part
normally for this horse in the test so
see what you can get done with the
canter work notice how straight the
horses there as it walks it's really
important to keep that straightness for
the em judge when you're getting ready
to do your can or depart
she has nice changes let's see if she
can jump up through them
yeah unfortunate little snort of the
knob nostril there but I thought the
change is quite nice
the reason Karin says that is the snort
naturally if you imagine how you can't
control where you're heading their car
when you sneeze it's the same for the
horse so actually when the judges are
looking for that overall picture just
the head and neck that tiny bit off
because of that snot whether it will
affect to the degree of a hallmark but
one judge might come down a hallmark
yeah this is lovely lovely let's see the
transition very good
yeah two eights and a seven for that
extended canner
oh there we go good
two more changes and a solid halt and
let's see where we get a little bit of a
double pump behind
she'll be marked down for that six at a
straight 68% this will be 48 that'll
bring it back up
first change you get to five second
change six seven eight interesting
lovely as long as she stays over 68% and
it looks like she Veronica is
potentially going to go into the lead
here with Lauren FIFA 16 Asian a third
before collective Mart's come in
well Brian I mean sorry Kevin and Joe
Kiefer her parents would be absolutely
delighted yeah that could translate to a
47.5 47.6 kind of score so it would go
potentially into the lead by about two
penalties and you commented on this
Karen and it's great to have you in the
Box written a couple of these horses
that that's a great improvement by
Lauren's training and program on the
half pirouette from what you felt you
were able to achieve and I and I get to
see the merit and train with Lauren
every day she's faced with us in Ocala
and in Virginia he rides full-time as
the rider for mrs. Mars with all of her
breeding stock and the and Lauren's got
a lovely lovely string of horses thanks
to mrs. Mars and all her mother her
other owners
David's happy